{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 AI Scholars (AIS)
\f1\b0  [https://www.cmu.edu/pre-college/academic-programs/ai_scholars.html]\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Host
\f1\b0  Carnegie Mellon University (CS Pathways initiative) | 
\f0\b Program Type
\f1\b0  Residential Pre\uc0\u8209 College Program (4\u8209 week Summer Immersion in AI)\

\f0\b Duration:
\f1\b0  June\uc0\u8239 21 \'96 July\u8239  19, \u8239 2025 (four\u8209 week immersive residential experience on CMU\'92s Pittsburgh campus) \

\f0\b Cost & Financial Aid:
\f1\b0  Fully funded and merit-based: covers tuition, housing, meals, dining plans, access to campus events, student transit, and program materials; no cost to participants. Travel assistance may be requested if transportation represents a major financial barrier. Application fee and enrollment deposit waived for AIS applicants; no cost even without financial aid eligibility. \

\f0\b Eligibility:
\f1\b0  Must be U.S. citizen, permanent resident, or DACA-registered; current high school junior at time of application; 
\f0\b at least 16 years old by June 21, 2025
\f1\b0 . No prior programming experience required. Program strongly encourages applicants from underrepresented or underserved backgrounds or with demonstrated resource limitations. \

\f0\b Overview:
\f1\b0  AI Scholars is a highly selective, fully funded summer program that brings rising seniors to CMU\'92s campus for a deep dive into artificial intelligence. Students engage in college\uc0\u8209 level instruction, industry tours, hands\u8209 on group research projects, and weekly college-readiness seminars, all while building peer and mentor networks within an inclusive STEM community. \

\f0\b Acceptance Rate:
\f1\b0  Not officially published. Based on applicant trends shared by alumni, acceptance appears to be 
\f0\b around 3\'964%
\f1\b0 , reflecting high selectivity\'97especially for applicants not on financial-need pathways. \

\f0\b Application Deadline:
\f1\b0  
\f0\b March 1, 2025
\f1\b0  (deadline for both general admission and scholarship consideration); decisions released by 
\f0\b April 4, 2025
\f1\b0 . Applicants admitted are typically notified that their enrollment reply form will be due within seven days.\
}