{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14000\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Summer Academy for Math and Science (SAMS)
\f1\b0  [https://www.cmu.edu/pre-college/academic-programs/sams.html]\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Host
\f1\b0  Carnegie Mellon University | 
\f0\b Program Type
\f1\b0  Residential (Summer Pre\uc0\u8209 College)\

\f0\b Duration:
\f1\b0  6 weeks (June
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 21 \'96 August
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 2,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 2025; virtual \'93Jumpstart\'94 orientation June
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 16\'9617,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 2025) \

\f0\b Cost & Financial Aid:
\f1\b0  Fully funded, merit-based program. No tuition or fees; meals, housing, labs, and materials provided free. Travel and incidental costs must be covered by the participant; financial documentation required. \

\f0\b Eligibility:
\f1\b0  U.S. citizens or permanent residents; current high\uc0\u8209 school juniors (rising seniors). Must be at least 16 by program start. \

\f0\b Overview:
\f1\b0  SAMS is a prestigious, rigorous STEM enrichment program for underrepresented high\uc0\u8209 school juniors. Participants engage in college\u8209 level coursework, hands\u8209 on STEM projects, and mentorship from faculty and staff, while forming deep peer and academic networks. \

\f0\b Acceptance Rate:
\f1\b0  Approximately 6.9% (about 60 spots), though official statistics are not published; acceptance is highly competitive. \

\f0\b Application Deadline:
\f1\b0  March
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 1,
\f2 \uc0\u8239 
\f1 2025 (for the Summer 2025 cohort); decisions released by early April.}