{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh15360\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 MITES (Minority Introduction to Engineering and Science)
\f1\b0  [{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mites.mit.edu/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 https://mites.mit.edu}}]\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Host
\f1\b0  Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) | 
\f0\b Program Type
\f1\b0  Residential (Summer) & Hybrid (Semester)\

\f0\b Duration:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Summer: Six weeks (mid\u8209 June to late July\u8239 2024; exact 2025 dates TBD) \u8232 Semester: Six months (June\'96December\u8239 2024; 2025 dates TBD) \

\f0\b Cost & Financial Aid:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Virtually all program costs are covered by MIT and its funders; participants pay only for their own travel to/from MIT. Dorms, meals, labs, and course materials are free.\

\f0\b Eligibility:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Must be U.S. citizens or permanent residents; enrolled as a high school junior at the time of application (rising senior). All school settings (public, private, homeschool) are eligible. \

\f0\b Overview:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 MITES is a prestigious, highly rigorous STEM enrichment experience provided free to rising high\u8209 school seniors from underserved and underrepresented backgrounds. Summer attendees take five college\u8209 level courses across math, science, humanities, and project electives; Semester participants join an immersive online STEM and college prep curriculum. The program strengthens confidence, builds lifelong peer networks, and includes personalized college counseling and instructor evaluations.\

\f0\b Acceptance Rate:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Estimated single\u8209 digit acceptance rate. Summer acceptance rates have been reported in forums at ~1.5% (\u8776 62 out of ~4,100 applicants); Semester rates around ~6\'967%. Official rate not published. \

\f0\b Application Deadline:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Typically February\u8239 1 at 11:59\u8239 PM PST (recommendations due Feb\u8239 15). For example, deadline for the 2024 admission cycle was February\u8239 1,\u8239 2023. Decisions released mid\u8209 April.\
}