{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 STEM Enhancement in Earth Science (SEES)
\f1\b0  [https://www.csr.utexas.edu/education-outreach/high-school-internships/sees.html]\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Host
\f1\b0  NASA & University of Texas at Austin Center for Space Research | 
\f0\b Program Type
\f1\b0  Research Internship & Hybrid (Distance + On\uc0\u8209 site)\

\f0\b Duration:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Pre\u8209 internship: Distance\u8209 learning modules completed by July\u8239 1,\u8239 2025, followed by remote mentor\u8209 guided work (early June\'96July\u8239 5,\u8239 2025).\u8232 On\u8209 site: Two\u8209 week residential internship at UT Austin, July\u8239 6\'9619,\u8239 2025. Virtual science symposium follows July\u8239 21\'9622.\

\f0\b Cost & Financial Aid:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Program tuition, housing, meals and local transport on campus are provided at no cost for on\u8209 site participants. Travel to Austin and incidental expenses are participant\'92s responsibility. Limited travel scholarships available. \

\f0\b Eligibility:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Current U.S. high school sophomores or juniors (rising juniors or seniors), must be 
\f0\b at least 16 years old by July\uc0\u8239 5,\u8239 2025
\f1\b0 , and 
\f0\b U.S. citizens
\f1\b0 . Only one internship per student.\

\f0\b Overview:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 SEES is a nationally competitive NASA\u8209 funded STEM internship in Earth and space science, combining remote project work with an on\u8209 site research experience. Interns analyze real NASA satellite and astronaut photography data, collaborate with scientists, and build research and communication skills. \

\f0\b Acceptance Rate:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Not officially published. Selection is highly competitive and merit\u8209 based. Exact rate unknown.\

\f0\b Application Deadline:
\f1\b0 \uc0\u8232 Applications typically due around 
\f0\b February 22, 2025
\f1\b0 ; recommendation forms due approximately 
\f0\b March 1, 2025
\f1\b0 . Selections announced on or about 
\f0\b May 1, 2025
\f1\b0 .}