{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Research Science Institute (RSI)
\f1\b0  [https://www.cee.org/programs/research-science-institute]\uc0\u8232 
\f0\b Host
\f1\b0  Center for Excellence in Education (CEE) & Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) | 
\f0\b Program Type
\f1\b0 Residential Research Immersion (Summer)\

\f0\b Duration:
\f1\b0  Six weeks (June\uc0\u8239 22 \'96 August\u8239 2,\u8239 2025) on the MIT campus in Cambridge, MA \

\f0\b Cost & Financial Aid:
\f1\b0  Completely free for participants\'97tuition, housing, meals, and lab materials provided at no cost. Some U.S. travel support may be offered, but students typically cover travel to/from MIT themselves. \

\f0\b Eligibility:
\f1\b0  Open to current high school juniors (rising seniors) worldwide; selection is merit-based, seeking exceptional achievement in STEM, demonstrated through coursework, research, test scores, and leadership. Approx. two-thirds U.S., one-third international participants. \

\f0\b Overview:
\f1\b0  RSI is one of the world\'92s most prestigious pre-college STEM research programs. Participants begin with intensive seminars led by MIT faculty, then conduct mentored independent research at MIT or nearby institutions, culminating in a final symposium to present findings. Alumni have gone on to publish research and often attend top-tier universities. \

\f0\b Acceptance Rate:
\f1\b0  Approximately 3\'965%\'97around 80\'96100 students selected out of roughly 3,000+ applicants annually. \

\f0\b Application Deadline:
\f1\b0  January 2025 for the 2025 program (typically early\uc0\u8208  to mid\u8209 January). All materials must be submitted by this date; decisions communicated in late February to March.\
}